---
layout: default
title: EC002 - Quản trị doanh nghiệp
parent: Khoa HTTT
---

# EC002 - Quản trị doanh nghiệp

*Ngày cập nhật của folder Google Drive: 16-03-2025*
## Tài liệu môn học

[Folder Drive](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1B8Nck6IGYXsijGkyz4gc-xSJKUanQ3t4?usp=drive_link){:target="_blank" : .btn .btn-primary .btn-gg-drive .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 }

## Mô tả môn học
Recognize concepts related to enterprise and
corporate governance, forms of business
organization, the business environment of
enterprises, enterprise organization, production
and business organization activities of
enterprises.
• Recognize the importance of corporate
management in companies.
• Skill analyzes the economic efficiency of
production and business activities in the
enterprise.
### Số tín chỉ: 3
- Lí thuyết: 3


### Điều kiện đăng ký

| Môn học trước| Môn học tiên quyết |  
|------|-----|  
| <center> - </center> | <center>-</center>|  

### Hệ số điểm

| QT | GK | CK |  
|-----|-----|-----|  
| <center>0.4</center> | <center>-</center> | <center>0.6</center> |  

### Assignments
+ Class and homework assignments, and
projects: 40%.
+ Final examination:  Multiple choice test or essay; or combination between multiple choice test and essay: 60%.
>[!NOTE]
- Course name: Corporate Management
- Course length: Completion in 12 weeks
### Lý thuyết
- Chapter 1: Overview of an enterprise.
- Chapter 2: Forms of enterprise organization.
- Chapter 3: Enterprise and business environment.
- Chapter 4: Enterprise and governance.
- Chapter 5: Enterprise organization.
- Chapter 6: Human resource management in enterprise.
- Chapter 7: Supply management.
- Chapter 8: Quality management in the enterprise.
- Chapter 9: Economic efficiency of production and
business in enterprise.
- Chapter 10: International business administration.
### Thực hành
KHÔNG CÓ
### Đồ án

### Hình thức thi

## Thông tin khác
1. Ngo Kim Thanh, Corporate Management, Publisher of National
Economic University, 2013.
2. Dong Thi Thanh Huong and authors, Textbook of Corporate
Management, Statistical Publisher, 2005.
3. Nguyen Ngoc Huyen, Textbook of Business Administration,
Publisher of National Economic University, 2016.
4. James H. Donnelly, Jr., James L. Gibson and John M.
Iancevich, Basic Management, Statistical Publisher, 2001.
5. Other documents
5. Other documents
- Circular of Amendment to Circular No. 01/2021/TT-BKHDT dated March 16,
2021 of the Minister of Planning and Investment Guiding Enterprise Registration,
No. 02/2023/TT-BKHDT of Ministry of Planning and Investment promulgated on
April 18, 2023.
- Law on Cooperatives, No.17/2023/QH15 of the National Assembly promulgated
on June 20, 2023.
- Law on Enterprise, No. 07/VBHN-VPQH of the National Assembly promulgated
on Jan 25, 2022.
- Circular of Guidance on Enterprise Registration No. 01/2021/TT-BKHDT of
Ministry of Planning and Investment promulgated on March 16, 2021.
- Decree on Enterprise Registration, No. 01/2021/ND-CP of the Government
promulgated on Jan 04, 2021.
- Law on Enterprise, No. 59/2020/QH14 of the National Assembly promulgated
on June 17, 2020.
- Law on Bankruptcy, No. 51/2014/QH13 of the National Assembly promulgated
on June 19, 2014.